Add forEntity reference to the documentation (java) (#134)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/odata/use-vdm.md

   - `ignoreAnyVersionIdentifier()` will instead always send a `*` which acts as a wildcard to match all ETags.
- All operations allow for adding custom headers via `withheader(...)`

> Navigable entities:

Reviewer: We actually thought of having a new section (or even new document) `Advanced OData Features`. because we still have batch, function import, (actions) etc.

And this feels like a  more advanced feature to me, so putting it directly under `Basic CRUD` is maybe not the right place. But we can move it also later on.

Author: I'm also in favor of _advanced feature_ section. Although "advanced" would be an exaggeration, we simply mean _non-CRUD_.

However this feature just allows CRUD operations, but on navigation properties instead of root entity-sets. That's why I felt okay with leaving it there.

Reviewer: Mhm yes, so from the CRUD point of view it fits there. Maybe we just name the current section `Basic Operations` and then another `Advanced Operations`?

Author: I moved the content to a dedicated section within the page.
I wouldn't feel comfortable with introducing a generic "Advanced Operations" headline.

> - By using the `forEntity` method on service classes, you can recursively traverse navigation properties in entity sets. It's a generic API extension with type-safe methods to allow for requests along chained entities, according to their navigation properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By using the `forEntity` method on service classes you can directly access navigation properties in entity sets. It's a generic API extension with type-safe methods to allow for requests along chained entities, according to their navigation properties.
```

Reviewer: Since this topic is a bit complicated I would try to word it a bit more, lets say, "direct"...

Author: Hmm.. Your proposal will hide the recursive nature of the API.

Reviewer: True, then maybe add another sentence. Otherwise it's too unclear what we are talking about here IMO.

Author: I restructured the content. I'm no longer focusing on the recursive nature.

- Consider the following example:
  ```java
  // Create a new Trip in Vacation (id 2020) of Person (username "John")

>   // POST /ODataService/People('John')/Vacations(2020)/Trips

Reviewer: For consistency I would suggest to separate the Java code and the Http request it produces.

Author: The HTTP request is not mentioned anywhere else. There is no "consistency" (?)

Reviewer: Yes, I meant rather the URI as in [the example for select](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/features/odata/use-generated-odata-vdm-v2-v4#select).

Author: Opposing to the "example for select" this example focuses on URI path and not URI query.
Maybe my updated content better fits the page.

  
  Trip tripItem;

>   Person personById = Person.builder().username("John").build();

Reviewer: Did you consider using the BusinessPartner service? I think it would make things a bit easier to understand since there the datamodel is already known to the reader (at least through the examples contained already).

Author: Yeah.. would be better.

Author: Changed to _BusinessPartner_, although this is not a good example service since all entities are accessible from service root.
